[go_router] Fix parentNavigatorKey not working with multiple nested Routes in ShellRoute (#2784)
flutter/packages: packages/go_router/CHANGELOG.md

## 5.1.6

> - Fixes `parentNavigatorKey` not working with multiple nested `GoRoute` in `ShellRoute`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes crashes when multiple `GoRoute`s use the same `parentNavigatorKey` in a route subtree.
```
